rubiaceae=Rubiacées
rosaceae=Rosacées
pteridaceae=Ptéridacées
sapotaceae=Sapotacées
aspleniaceae=Aspléniacées
ranunculaceae=Renonculacées ou Ranunculacées
dryopteridaceae=Dryoptéridacées
polypodiaceae=Polypodiacées
polygonaceae=Polygonacées
rhamnaceae=Rhamnacées
polygalaceae=Polygalacées
sarcolaenaceae=Sarcolénacées
hymenophyllaceae=Hymenophyllacées
tectariaceae=Tectariacées
proteaceae=Protéacées
selaginellaceae=Sélaginellacées
lycopodiaceae=Lycopodiacées
podocarpaceae=Podocarpacées
cyatheaceae=Cyatheacées
thelypteridaceae=Thélypteridacées
rhizophoraceae=Rhizophoracées
polemoniaceae=Polémoniacées
pontederiaceae=Pontédériacées
blechnaceae=Blechnacées
gleicheniaceae=Gleicheniacées
athyriaceae=Athyriacées
dennstaedtiaceae=Dennstaedtiacées
ophioglossaceae=Ophioglossacées
lygodiaceae=Lygodiacées
potamogetonaceae=Potamogétonacées
salviniaceae=Salviniacées
nephrolepidaceae=Lomariopsidacées
portulacaceae=Portulacées
sabiaceae=Sabiacées
equisetaceae=Équisétacées
davalliaceae=Davalliacées
oleandraceae=Oléandracées
lindsaeaceae=Lindsaeacées
lomariopsidaceae=Lomariopsidacées
talinaceae=Talinacées
rapateaceae=Rapateacées
schizaeaceae=Schizéacées
anemiaceae=Anémiacées
onocleaceae=Onocléacées
cystopteridaceae=Cystopteridacées
marattiaceae=Marattiacées
osmundaceae=Osmundacées
montiaceae=Montiacées
saururaceae=Saururacées
escalloniaceae=Escalloniacées
lonchitidaceae=Lonchitidacées
dipteridaceae=Dipteridacées
dicksoniaceae=Dicksoniacées
isoetaceae=Isoëtacées
cytinaceae=Cytinacées
woodsiaceae=Woodsiacées
restionaceae=Restionacées
psilotaceae=Psilotacées
anisophylleaceae=Anisophylléacées
salvadoraceae=Salvadoracées
fabaceae=Fabacées ou Légumineuses
orchidaceae=Orchidacées ou Orchidées
asteraceae=Astéracées
euphorbiaceae=Euphorbiacées
apocynaceae=Apocynacées
poaceae=Graminées ou Poacées
melastomataceae=Mélastomatacées
cyperaceae=Cypéracées
acanthaceae=Acanthacées
araceae=Aracées
annonaceae=Annonacées
lamiaceae=Lamiacées, Labiacées ou Labiées
malvaceae=Malvacées
moraceae=Moracées
lauraceae=Lauracées
araliaceae=Araliacées
phyllanthaceae=Phyllanthacées
bromeliaceae=Broméliacées
salicaceae=Salicacées
convolvulaceae=Convolvulacées
myrtaceae=Myrtacées
ebenaceae=Ébénacées
primulaceae=Primulacées
arecaceae=Palmacées ou Arécacées
passifloraceae=Passifloracées
commelinaceae=Commélinacées
celastraceae=Célastracées
meliaceae=Méliacées
ericaceae=Éricacées
boraginaceae=Boraginacées, Borraginacées ou Boragacées
gentianaceae=Gentianacées ou Gentianées
bignoniaceae=Bignoniacées
pandanaceae=Pandanacées
clusiaceae=Clusiacées ou Guttifères
brassicaceae=Brassicacées
combretaceae=Combretacées
cactaceae=Cactées ou Cactacées
campanulaceae=Campanulacées
malpighiaceae=Malpighiacées
piperaceae=Pipéracées
apiaceae=Apiacées
begoniaceae=Bégoniacées
ochnaceae=Ochnacées
anacardiaceae=Anacardiacées
asparagaceae=Asparagacées
onagraceae=Onagracées ou Œnothéracées
oleaceae=Oléacées
burseraceae=Burséracées
amaranthaceae=Amaranthacées
gesneriaceae=Gesnériacées
marantaceae=Marantacées
hypericaceae=Hypéricacées
menispermaceae=Ménispermacées
myristicaceae=Myristicacées
cucurbitaceae=Cucurbitacées
lentibulariaceae=Lentibulariacées
cunoniaceae=Cunoniacées
amaryllidaceae=Amaryllidacées, Amarylladacées ou Amaryllidées
balsaminaceae=Balsaminacées
loranthaceae=Loranthacées
lecythidaceae=Lécythidacées
iridaceae=Iridacées
caryophyllaceae=Caryophyllacées
lythraceae=Lythracées
loganiaceae=Loganiacées
crassulaceae=Crassulacées
erythroxylaceae=Érythroxylacées
connaraceae=Connaracées
chrysobalanaceae=Chrysobalanacées
dichapetalaceae=Dichapetalacées
capparaceae=Capparacées ou Capparidacées
dioscoreaceae=Dioscoréacées
cyclanthaceae=Cyclanthacées
olacaceae=Olacacées
asphodelaceae=Asphodélacées
nyctaginaceae=Nyctaginacées
putranjivaceae=Putranjivacées
monimiaceae=Monimiacées
oxalidaceae=Oxalidacées
elaeocarpaceae=Éléocarpacées
fagaceae=Fagacées ou Cupulifères
juglandaceae=Juglandacées
marcgraviaceae=Marcgraviacées
aristolochiaceae=Aristolochiacées
calophyllaceae=Calophyllacées
aquifoliaceae=Aquifoliacées
clethraceae=Cléthracées
eriocaulaceae=Ériocaulacées
santalaceae=Santalacées
urticaceae=Urticacées
heliconiaceae=Héliconiacées
chloranthaceae=Chloranthacées
alstroemeriaceae=Alstroémériacées ou Alstrœmériacées
adoxaceae=Adoxacées
caprifoliaceae=Caprifoliacées
alismataceae=Alismatacées
dilleniaceae=Dilléniacées
geraniaceae=Géraniacées
icacinaceae=Icacinacées
papaveraceae=Papavéracées
scrophulariaceae=Scrofulariacées
pittosporaceae=Pittosporacées
plantaginaceae=Plantaginacées
burmanniaceae=Burmanniacées
juncaceae=Joncacées ou Juncacées
cleomaceae=Cléomacées
metteniusaceae=Metténiusacées
berberidaceae=Berbéridacées
pedaliaceae=Pédaliacées
sapindaceae=Sapindacées
linaceae=Linacées
smilacaceae=Smilacacées
achariaceae=Achariacées
hydrocharitaceae=Hydrocharitacées ou Hydrocharidacées
pinaceae=Pinacées
melanthiaceae=Mélanthiacées
gnetaceae=Gnetacées
stilbaceae=Stilbacées
caryocaraceae=Caryocaracées
myodocarpaceae=Myodocarpacées
petiveriaceae=Pétiveriacées
gelsemiaceae=Gelsémiacées
betulaceae=Bétulacées
hypoxidaceae=Hypoxidacées
columelliaceae=Columelliacées
siparunaceae=Siparunacées
balanophoraceae=Balanophoracées
cardiopteridaceae=Cardioptéridacées
colchicaceae=Colchicacées
loasaceae=Loasacées
cornaceae=Cornacées
bixaceae=Bixacées
aponogetonaceae=Aponogétonacées
basellaceae=Basellacées
hydrostachyaceae=Hydrostachyacées
torricelliaceae=Torricelliacées
stemonuraceae=Stémonuracées
nymphaeaceae=Nymphéacées
hamamelidaceae=Hamamélidacées
ximeniaceae=Ximéniacées
didiereaceae=Didieréacées
caricaceae=Caricacées
zamiaceae=Zamiacées
thomandersiaceae=Thomandersiacées
brunelliaceae=Brunelliacées
canellaceae=Canellacées
molluginaceae=Molluginacées
buxaceae=Buxacées
ephedraceae=Éphédracées
peraceae=Péracées
opiliaceae=Opiliacées
phytolaccaceae=Phytolaccacées
droseraceae=Droséracées
hernandiaceae=Hernandiacées
liliaceae=Liliacées
menyanthaceae=Ményanthacées
cannabaceae=Cannabacées
aizoaceae=Aizoacées
orobanchaceae=Orobanchacées
physenaceae=Physénacées
rutaceae=Rutacées
schlegeliaceae=Schlegéliacées
plumbaginaceae=Plumbaginacées ou Plombaginacées
araucariaceae=Araucariacées
cupressaceae=Cupressacées ou Cupressinées
nyssaceae=Nyssacées
didymelaceae=Didymélacées
calycanthaceae=Calycanthacées
cycadaceae=Cycadacées
cistaceae=Cistacées
actinidiaceae=Actinidiacées
haloragaceae=Haloragacées ou Haloragidacées
magnoliaceae=Magnoliacées
lacistemataceae=Lacistématacées
goodeniaceae=Goodéniacées
humiriaceae=Humiriacées
hydroleaceae=Hydroléacées
tofieldiaceae=Tofieldiacées
musaceae=Musacées
cabombaceae=Cabombacées
aphloiaceae=Aphloiacées
myrothamnaceae=Myrothamnacées
flagellariaceae=Flagellariacées
elaeagnaceae=Éléagnacées
montiniaceae=Montiniacées
penthoraceae=Penthoracées
saxifragaceae=Saxifragacées
lepidobotryaceae=Lépidobotryacées
oncothecaceae=Oncothécacées
nelumbonaceae=Nélumbonacées
muntingiaceae=Muntingiacées
tecophilaeaceae=Técophilaeacées
platanaceae=Platanacées
degeneriaceae=Dégesnériacées
simaroubaceae=Simaroubacées
phrymaceae=Phrymacées
corsiaceae=Corsiacées
cyrillaceae=Cyrillacées
sphenocleaceae=Sphenocleacées
calyceraceae=Calyceracées
cannaceae=Cannacées
juncaginaceae=Juncaginacées
alzateaceae=Alzatécées
elatinaceae=Élatinacées
pentadiplandraceae=Pentadiplandracées
centroplacaceae=Centroplacacées
barbeuiaceae=Barbeuiacées
ancistrocladaceae=Ancistrocladacées
strelitziaceae=Strelitziacées
acoraceae=Acoracées
huaceae=Huacées
picrodendraceae=Picrodendracées
namaceae=Namacées
krameriaceae=Kramériacées
tetrachondraceae=Tetrachondracées
limnanthaceae=Limnanthacées
ctenolophonaceae=Cténolophonacées
dioncophyllaceae=Dioncophyllacées
nepenthaceae=Népenthacées
moringaceae=Moringacées
petenaeaceae=Péténaéacées
achatocarpaceae=Achatocarpacées
garryaceae=Garryacées
myricaceae=Myricacées
penaeaceae=Pénaéacées
haemodoraceae=Hémodoracées
pandaceae=Pandacées
solanaceae=Solanacées
thymelaeaceae=Thyméléacées
vitaceae=Vitacées
dicranaceae=Dicranacées
violaceae=Violacées
pottiaceae=Pottiacées
verbenaceae=Verbénacées
orthotrichaceae=Orthotrichacées
bryaceae=Bryacées
pilotrichaceae=Pilotrichacées
meteoriaceae=Météoriacées
hypnaceae=Hypnacées
zingiberaceae=Zingibéracées
symplocaceae=Symplocacées
sematophyllaceae=Sématophyllacées
daltoniaceae=Daltoniacées
bartramiaceae=Bartramiacées
calymperaceae=Calymperacées
pterobryaceae=Ptérobryacées
fissidentaceae=Fissidentacées
neckeraceae=Neckeracées
polytrichaceae=Polytrichacées
brachytheciaceae=Brachytheciacées
costaceae=Costacées
frullaniaceae=Frullaniacées
linderniaceae=Linderniacées ou Scrofulariacées
sphaerosepalaceae=Sphérosépalacées
xyridaceae=Xyridacées
ulmaceae=Ulmacées
calceolariaceae=Calcéolariacées
cryphaeaceae=Cryphéacées
styracaceae=Styracacées
grimmiaceae=Grimmiacées
pentaphylacaceae=Pentaphylacacées
thuidiaceae=Thuidiacées
hedwigiaceae=Hedwigiacées
asteropeiaceae=Asteropeiacées
amblystegiaceae=Amblystegiacées
ditrichaceae=Ditrichacées
lejeuneaceae=Lejeunéacées
triuridaceae=Triuridacées
entodontaceae=Entodontacées
pallaviciniaceae=Pallaviciniacées
velloziaceae=Velloziacées
lophocoleaceae=Lophocoléacées
zygophyllaceae=Zygophyllacées
rhizogoniaceae=Rhizogoniacées
funariaceae=Funariacées
hydrangeaceae=Hydrangéacées
typhaceae=Typhacées
radulaceae=Radulacées
vochysiaceae=Vochysiacées
leucomiaceae=Leucomiacées
stereophyllaceae=Stéréophyllacées
splachnaceae=Splachnacées
ricciaceae=Ricciacées
grossulariaceae=Grossulariacées
winteraceae=Wintéracées
lepidoziaceae=Lépidoziacées
ptychomitriaceae=Ptychomitriacées
andreaeaceae=Andéacées
porellaceae=Porellacées
octoblepharaceae=Octoblépharacées
tropaeolaceae=Tropaéolacées ou Tropéolacées
lembophyllaceae=Lembophyllacées
fabroniaceae=Fabroniacées
sphagnaceae=Sphagnacées
marchantiaceae=Marchantiacées
phyllogoniaceae=Phyllogoniacées
erpodiaceae=Erpodiacées
leskeaceae=Leskeacées
staphyleaceae=Staphyléacées
irvingiaceae=Irvingiacées
mniaceae=Mniacées
picramniaceae=Picramniacées
hookeriaceae=Hookeriacées
encalyptaceae=Encalyptacées
phyllodrepaniaceae=Phyllodrépaniacées
plagiochilaceae=Plagiochilacées
prionodontaceae=Prionodontacées
bonnetiaceae=Bonnetiacées
leptodontaceae=Leptodontacées
rigodiaceae=Rigodiacées
mastigophoraceae=Mastigophoracées
rhabdoweisiaceae=Rhabdoweisiacées
meesiaceae=Meesiacées
trigoniaceae=Trigoniacées
racopilaceae=Racopilacées
agaricaceae=Agaricacées
metzgeriaceae=Metzgériacées
nitrariaceae=Nitrariacées
helicophyllaceae=Helicophyllacées
tetrameristaceae=Tetrameristacées
hylocomiaceae=Hylocomiacées
noterocladaceae=Notérocladacées
cephaloziaceae=Cephaloziacées
theaceae=Théacées
lepicoleaceae=Lépicoléacées
schistochilaceae=Schistochilacées
mazaceae=Mazacées
atherospermataceae=Athérospermatacées
ixonanthaceae=Ixonanthacées
leucodontaceae=Leucodontacées
thurniaceae=Thurniacées
jungermanniaceae=Jungermanniacées
phyllonomaceae=Phyllonomacées
targioniaceae=Targioniacées
climaciaceae=Climaciacées
theliaceae=Tiliacées
trachypodaceae=Trachypodacées
adelanthaceae=Adelanthacées
lepyrodontaceae=Lepyrodontacées
splachnobryaceae=Splachnobryacées
eustichiaceae=Eustichiacées
dumortieraceae=Dumortieracées
balantiopsidaceae=Balantiopsidacées
aytoniaceae=Aytoniacées
monocleaceae=Monoclécées ou Monocléacées
scapaniaceae=Scapaniacées
anthocerotaceae=Anthocérotécées
cephaloziellaceae=Cephaloziellacées
rhacocarpaceae=Rhacocarpacées
catagoniaceae=Catagoniacées
myriniaceae=Myriniacées
hypopterygiaceae=Hypopterygiacées
xeronemataceae=Xéronématacées
paracryphiaceae=Paracryphiacées
nothofagaceae=Notofagacées
parmeliaceae=Parméliacées
phellinaceae=Phellinacées
polyporaceae=Polyporacées
dipterocarpaceae=Diptérocarpacées
asteliaceae=Astéliacées
ganodermataceae=Ganodermes ou Ganodermatacées
balanopaceae=Balanopacées
cladoniaceae=Cladoniacées
stemonaceae=Stemonacées
pluteaceae=Plutéacées
pleurotaceae=Pleurotacées
resedaceae=Résédacées
dipentodontaceae=Dipentodontacées
hericiaceae=Hericacées
cantharellaceae=Cantharellacées
boletaceae=Bolétacées
xylariaceae=Xylariacées
phallaceae=Phallacées
physalacriaceae=Physalacriacées
omphalotaceae=Omphalatacées